Describe malicious FP detection (#471)
aeternity/protocol: node/api/channel_ws_api.md

   to a `closed` state.
 * `"solo_closing"` - reported by both parties, when the on-chain channel state is detected to transition
   to a proper `solo_closing` state - that is, with the latest known state.
 * `"can_slash"` or `"can_snapshot"`- reported by both parties, when the

>    on-chain channel state is detected to transition to to an improper state -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   on-chain channel state is seen to transition into an improper state -
```
